---
date: "2019-01-28"
title: "Meeting 2019-01-28"
layout: single
toc: true
author: Brian Bockelman
author_profile: true
---

Attendees
---------
- Brian
- Edgar
- Garhan
- Rob Gardner

Derek, Shawn, and John were out due to the OSG Operations F2F.

Completed
---------
- *Ilija, Derek*: Alarms are working!  (And they corresponded to a real outage too!).  We can
  watch these over the next few weeks to determine whether they are set to the appropriate sensitivity.
- *Derek*: Deployed RSV replacement to testing.
- *Derek*: Recreated ps-collector setup in testing.
- *Derek* Refactored the perfSonar collectors so we can change the ES prefix.
      Doing some other minor cleanup while there (e.g., adding ACKs to prevent data loss).
- *Derek*: Created parallel data pipeline, with parallel ES indexes to store the data at Nebraska.

Action items
------------

- *Ilija, RobG*: Tidy up alerts emails - rename from "ATLAS" to "SAND-CI" if possible, remove links
  to the ATLAS ADC Twiki page.
- *Derek*: Test RSV replacements and verify data.  Suggested test procedure (from 14 January):
        - Start testing by polling sites with capable hardware: USCMS or ATLAS
        - Concerned about overloading pS instances on marginal hardware
        - Validation tools don't exist yet, done manually with Kibana queries
        - Compare overlapping time ranges to confirm record counts match

Existing items
--------------
- *Derek* - Put together weekly summary email of Condor transfer data
- Monitoring (*John*)
    - Still need to update [SAND monitoring](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/119j4BVa4WEWGcRX7knC_yZSlj358otqU4i6f94djXLg) draft
      outlining Nagios probes for project services (both Nebraska and other sites), mostly based on architecture document
    - How to send `check_mk` status info from Nebraska to OSG perfSonar ETF?
        - LiveStatus API?
- *Shawn: RabbitMQ authentication*
    - Shawn discussed the possibility of a plugin functionality with the pS
      developers, and they seemed open to the idea.
    - Keeps them out of the business of storing credentials
    - pS team agrees it's a reasonable feature request
    - Lead developer for this psconfig request is out of the office until second week in January
- *Shawn*: Expanding web presence
  - Shawn will create github PR and Derek will review
  - Logo, both text and graphical
  - Pointers to existing OSG network docs
- *Shawn*: Complete documentation for each service component in [architecture document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Zy27YC3Hg5_1he8Wehg2IR91PHmaduTLbieA_TrvbVU)
- *Derek/John/MarianZ* - Documentation for pS collectors administration
    - Collectors running on host under UNL T2 puppet
    - Hosts are maintained by Marian Z.
    - Get documentation into OSG or SAND folders
    - How to restart docker containers? Repo locations?
    - 14 January update: nothing to report.
    - 28 January update: nothing to report.
