---
date: "2019-04-30"
title: "Meeting 2019-04-30"
layout: single
toc: true
author: John Thiltges
author_profile: true
---

Attendees
---------
- Brian
- Derek
- John

perfSONAR collector
-------------------

* Rename the host to remove historical "RSV" (Derek)
  - Repo is now renamed
  - Email Shawn to update hostnames/CNAMEs (Derek/Shawn)
* Add ASN to collected data
  - Follow up with Marian B

check_mk authentication
-----------------------

* Migrated to CILogon OIDC
  - Mapping eduPersonPrincipalName as username
  - Email OSG operations (John)
    - How to handle authZ? Per user? Per instutition?
  - Eventual integration with COmanage for authZ?
  - Testing CILogon COmanage test instance (John)
    - https://registry-test.cilogon.org/registry/co_dashboards/dashboard/co:8

Outstanding action items
------------------------
* Contact Shawn regarding weekly SAND meeting times (Brian)
* Service status format changes (Huijun) - 2019-04-01
  - Two tables:
    - Table of SLA services vs non-SLA services?
    - Comma-separated list of those meeting the SLAs
    - All the services in a table sorted by uptime
  - In progress and awaiting feedback
* Pick the four most important services and have them captured by check_mk (John) - 2019-04-01
  1. ps-collectors
  1. Topology - HTTPS tests, will improve
  1. Repo - HTTPS tests, will improve
  - ~~Hosted CEs~~ - Derek implemented, still polishing details
  - ~~GRACC~~
* Link presentations from the SAND website (Shawn) - 2019-03-25
* Find a week in May that would work for a Chicago meeting (Derek) - 2019-03-25
